tue
Yes, it's a Magna What is open today?
8Trade is good A little bit of the name is hidden , and I want to open it quickly
I'm sorry
Yes I feel like I'm home like this
8 It is the main and polycarbonate 1 ways Pas NiporiPa's Horiba 4
I think I want to open the screen Thank you to kindly put Oripa
I would like to choose Yes because I had hair in it 8 trades
Thank you
That's also in the fact that you ask various annoying over I'm sorry also trade
The opportunity
If you trade please
It is a play on the twitter the rain of those who were east trade will make sure to write here
Jermaine main was the sure you character Kagetokage
I feel like I understand
Three copies of 30
It scores against 8 of the coat of arms Beast Leo three and shadow lizard normal is two
A full coat of arms parts this is But I'm not a mean little out N Gate Award受組
It was the even thought that I should spider only partnering occur
I thought that I should try to form Tteyuu partnering only Crossed the time being but I do not plan to use such
I think that want regular increased from Oripa City by hand
Something like this
It is a surreal like a bird
It is pretty
To
This is it security Clifford kernel in honor Suzutake Ura is
Thank you also for the 6 game mod remodel killing of Clifford Shell Kurimoto Shell Clio watch
I will
I wonder if this is also skip card is I chestnuts 4, which has been today in the people
I can do it
Yes, the crust may be a greedy Kaho
Effect 3 different monsters from your graveyard at the start of Kenji Riez 1
You can start selection
Add 3 selected monsters to the deck and shuffle them then 2 cards from the deck
Sheet draw snow
The turn you activate this card you can not do the battle phase after all
I think that I want to raise if it is a card of draw acceleration because it is model type
This is a support sleeve
6 parts
It is dark true
In
Corde OK I'm Yes Clifford Tool 'Tool
It is a skill g radar of skill Summoner of wife reconstruction Summoner This chestnut 4 and the deck
I guess is that make
I'm going, thank you, Oh slick
It's a secretly cruller strong
Even if it is level 1, Berry-chan rank 1 and ghost rick zero did not think that it is good
Not
Dullahan's why I do not unlucky still neck because this dullahan
I think I want to open dullahan pyran Madozai and Depaoripa's
Nature
What Is this also a system of the scan Eve
I don't know this jr I don't see it I watched only from Arc Five The animation is
Only Arc Five and Five Deeds
It is a cat. Big Harpy dancer Apie dancer
Harpy, thank you so much for fear
It is because I have hope in you will find a transformer turn this in people
Puppy dancers 2 and 4
1 I now Harpy Ricky also has
I already have 32 of Harpy's
I'll bring you a book
is
To put
Mars It is bad masu Thank you bad guy looks a little array
Pretty high rate
I somehow do not understand Toka live with the restriction of it is a card a little grandfather's April
but
Thank you
In I think that I want to raise the poly overtone
It is a feeling that what is called in the last 3 ま っ ま っ
It's kind of strong
22 I guess yes
It is amazing Oh poppy p there oop r
This is a pretty gorgeous guy, p 2x and op a hot tip
Hoi Disc
this is a pistice disc to
No, this is not good
I 've opened it for yes, but this time it's too much power failure and no fire protection
I was surprised by myself already
Masa Kaori I'd had to say Is it Teku with Rutte luck par it's gorgeous up here
I did not expect
Yes
It is a part of Eh ー ー but it is still a high rate card among the cards that I own now
Even if you cut
8 Brise Ultimate Polo Graphic
It's about the hotel in Daigasta emeral
After that the Charter there is Hey Tin another dt to supermarkets like
Much only I'd some hobbling also Well, the other because there are no more masu truly Madi
P p I have to have a card with a rate like all the disk count so just a few
Is it's not you think I Yes this really sorry and would result in the start of their own
I do not have such a card
not really
Thank you for watching it was a trade with Mr. Uzuki this time with yes .
Thank you for watching
If you think this video is good, thank you for your high rating channel registration